marine captain yoon seok is driving his
elder sister
her husband chalmin and his nephew
donghuan to a ship leaving south korea
which is being swept by a zombie
outbreak
on the way he encounters a family with a
young child who needs a hitch but he
ignores the family's pleas and drives
away
they reach ship in the cabin of the ship
they are setting down
suddenly an infected man turns into a
zombie and infects numerous people
including dong wang yung seok then
unwillingly decides to leave dong won
and his mother behind
and stops chalmin who returns after
getting some supplies
from entering the cabin numerous people
including dong wong
four years later in hong kong a guilt
ridden yoong seok with chalmin and two
other koreans
are briefed by the hong kongers of an
operation that requires the four to
return to inchi and in the quarantine
peninsula
and retrieve an abandoned food truck
which contains bags of cash totaling us
20 million dollars
the four arrive the following night and
after some searching
they find the truck the four escape the
area unharmed with the truck
as zombies begin chasing them
on the way back to incheon port the four
are ambushed by a rogue militia unit 631
led by sergeant first class wang truck
accident causes jung seok gets thrown
out of the truck
while chalmin hides inside the truck the
other two die from the ambush
jung seok is then rescued by two sisters
jun
who drives the car out of the scene and
her younger sister you jin
the three arrive at a hideout where the
children live with their mother minyun
and grandfather elder kim
jung seok suddenly realizes that menyung
is the lady that had asked for a hitch
four years ago and he feeling guilty
the truck taken by unit 631 arrives at
the militia's compound
chalmin is then found inside and becomes
a captive
private kim and captain sayo
subsequently discovered the bags of cash
in the truck
and also found a satellite phone then
secretly hatch a plan to get themselves
out of the peninsula with the truck
keeping their escape plans a secret from
the belligerent wang
meanwhile minyung learns from jung seok
that there is a ship at incheon port
waiting to extract him
she then decides to steal the truck from
the compound so that the five of them
including her own family and jung seok
escaped the peninsula together the
following evening
near unit 631's compound as jun
yoo jin and elder kim wait in the car
jung seok and min yoon sneak inside
where they discover the truck and
encounter private kim
seo saw min and min knocked him for a
while and take the phone
while holding private kim at gunpoint
jung seok learns that chulmin is alive
in the compound
and moves to rescue him he briefly
succeeds after shooting both multiple
zombies and unit 631 soldiers but then
chulmin is killed by huang
after saving jung seok from being
murdered
jung seok is then saved by min yun and
the two quickly escaped the compound
with the truck
numerous unit 631 soldiers including
huang
give chase on them also joon join with
them
in the ensuing chase jung seok
deliberately shoots and shatters the
glass tunnel
freeing the horde of zombies inside
which then quickly attack wang's vehicle
presumably infecting huang and his
driver
the five reach inchian port where sayo
rammed his vehicle into june's car
then holds her at gunpoint
eugene manages to distract seo that
allows june to escape
but he then shoots elder kim as the
latter protects you jim from getting
shot
he drives the truck into the cargo hold
of the ship but is then brutally shot by
the hong kongers
as he bleeds to death sayo reverses the
truck to prevent the cargo holds gate
from closing
this causes the zombies outside to enter
and kill everyone inside
after elder kim dies from his gunshot
wounds the remaining four spot a united
nations ch-47
chinook helicopter flown by malaysian un
troops
an injured minion requests that jung
seok bring joon and yujin to the
helicopter
while she clears the path of zombies
minion then traps herself in the truck
and presses on the horn repeatedly
intending to lure the zombies to her and
sacrifice herself for the three to
escape
recalling an angry claim chalman made in
hong kong that jung seok did not do his
best to save their family four years ago
ying seok rescues min jung by
dispatching the zombies that have
trapped her in the truck
she quickly makes the run to the
helicopter and jung seok covers her by
shooting the zombie hordes
the pair board the helicopter with june
and eugene
which takes the four away from the
desolate and zombie-ridden peninsula
you